There are some tools for Little Fighter 2 players many wouldn't want to miss. Here is a list of them and descriptions.

# Network Gaming Tools

Out of the box Little Fighter 2 comes with the possibility to connect exactly two machines in a network. Theoretically this allows up to eight players to participate in the game, four players per machine. However, it is very unlikely that anyone will be able to gather four players at one end and four players at the other end at the same time. Even if that somehow happened, these players would have to bring multiple game pads, because one usually doesn't want to share a keyboard, especially not if it's a keyboard that only recognizes two buttons at a time, like many modern keyboards do. More realistic is the case, in which people want to play with more than two machines, because they can't visit the other person. In this case, it is necessary to use third party tools to make it possible to connect more than two machines in a Little Fighter 2 network game. For this purpose there are three tools I know about. Of these three tools enabling a network game with more than two machines, two can be called usable.

## Multiserver

Multiserver is what my friends and I usually use. It enables up to four Little Fighter 2 applications to connect to it allowing one player in each LF2 application.

Multiserver uses the standard LF2 port 12345 TCP.

Important is the order in which the players connect to Multiserver and their control settings. If a player is the first one to connect to the Multiserver, they need to have their controls set to the first player in the control settings options. Otherwise the player will not be able to move in game.

Multiserver has issues on Windows 7, or shall we say Windows 7 has issues? It works fine on Windows XP.

You can download Multiserver from [lf2-global](http://lf2-global.com/downloads/ShowDownload.asp?id=136).

You can find more information on usage of the Multiserver on [lf2-global](http://www.lf-empire.de/forum/showthread.php?tid=10277) as well.

## LF2 Lobby

LF2 Lobby is the most advanced multiplayer tool available, although not the most stable one. In very rare cases (only happened to me once) it can happen, that your network game desynchs. LF2 Lobby is a client software which connects to a server, which delegates the network traffic to all participants of your network game. This means, that the server is no longer at one players place, but in another location. Often this can speed up network gaming. However, the response time of the server might have it's lows and highs.

LF2 Lobby allows up to four players to connect to a network game and usually does not require and port forwarding, since it's only a client software.

It is a known false positive on some anti virus softwares like Avira's anti virus. You can get more details by contacting the author of LF2 Lobby, Chiko.

You can download LF2 Lobby from [its website](http://www.lf2lobby.com/).

## Nold's Server

Nold's Server is the only tool I know, which enabled more than 4 players to connect. At a time there was a version of LF2 Lobby, which could do that, but it had other issues and is not available.

Availability is an issue of Nold's Server too. To get the server running, you need to contact Nold, a Russian LF2 Player. At least he has been a LF2 player. The only way I was able to contact him was using ICQ, which is pretty much outdated. I am not using ICQ anymore, so I don't even know if Nold is still online there from time to time or not. You might find him on [LFEmpire](http://www.lf-empire.de/) or, if you know Russian language, you can go to their [forum](http://lfforever.ru/forum/) and find him there. You can also find his ICQ number there, in case anyone still uses that.

To use Nold's Server, you need to use a tool called "Middler", which you put into the application directory (that's where the exe is). You run the Middler tool and then connect to Middler by connecting to localhost or 127.0.0.1 in LF2.

You can download Middler from [the backup](https://app.box.com/s/9h5xg7gcj95ognojt8fp) on my Box account.

# Other Tools

## Frames Per Second Changer (FPSC)

The FPSC is a tool, which is able to regulate the speed of Little Fighter 2. It can be useful when the connection is quite unstable or unreliable, to make run at a constant speed level.

The FPSC displays the speed in two ways. One way is the integer count of frames per second and the other way is the count of milliseconds until a new frame is displayed.

You can download it from [rammichael's website](http://rammichael.com/lf2-fps-changer).

## Button View Programm

Button View Programm is  a small tool, which goes into the LF2 application directory. Once you start LF2 you can start the Button View Programm and it displays which buttons you press in game.

Button View Programm was developed by YinYin.

You can download it here:
[Download](https://app.box.com/s/v7118x1yuxks8omjs7wud7ncjsvn9s79)

## Resource Hacker

The Resource Hacker is a tool, which can edit executable files.

This enables you to change the speech bubbles in LF2 for example.

You can download it from here:
[Download](http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/resource_hacker.html)

## Survival Stage Generator

The Survival Stage Generator is a tool I developed for automated creation of new survival stages. It only has a basic GUI and from a certain point on the stages will not become more difficult anymore, because of a bug. However, it creates good stages, which will prove a challenge to every player if played on appropriate difficulty level. I haven't seen a better tool for automated creation of survival stages so far.

You can download it here:
[Download](https://app.box.com/s/3vy3l28sv8eyz40y3t4j)



% author: Zelphir
% date: 2016-05-19
